RFC: Establish an RFC process (#2)
lf-lang/rfcs: 0000-template.md

- Start Date: (fill me in with today's date, YYYY-MM-DD)
- RFC PR: [lf-lang/rfcs#0000](https://github.com/lf-lang/rfcs/pull/0000)
- Tracking Issue(s): [lf-lang/lingua-franca#0000](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/issues/0000)

# Abstract
[abstract]: #abstract

A one paragraph explanation of the feature. This may even be a single sentence.

# Motivation
[motivation]: #motivation

Describe why your proposal is relevant, which use cases it supports, and what we expect the outcome to be.

# Proposed Implementation
[proposed-implementation]: #proposed-implementation

This is the core of your proposal, and its purpose is to help you think through the problem because writing is thinking.

- Clearly name and introduction new concepts.
- Use diagrams to help illustrate your ideas where applicable.
- Include LF code examples and use cases if you propose changes that are user facing.

> - Describe the interaction with existing components and features.

Reviewer: add: - Specify Interfaces that ensure interoperability between components.

- Start Date: (fill me in with today's date, YYYY-MM-DD)
- RFC PR: [lf-lang/rfcs#0000](https://github.com/lf-lang/rfcs/pull/0000)
- Tracking Issue(s): [lf-lang/lingua-franca#0000](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/issues/0000)

# Abstract
[abstract]: #abstract

A one paragraph explanation of the feature. This may even be a single sentence.

# Motivation
[motivation]: #motivation

Describe why your proposal is relevant, which use cases it supports, and what we expect the outcome to be.

# Proposed Implementation
[proposed-implementation]: #proposed-implementation

This is the core of your proposal, and its purpose is to help you think through the problem because writing is thinking.

- Clearly name and introduction new concepts.
- Use diagrams to help illustrate your ideas where applicable.

> - Include LF code examples and use-cases if you propose changes to the language.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Include LF code examples and use cases if you propose changes that are user facing.
```

> - Also consider to use code snippets and examples if you are proposing an interface or

Reviewer 2: Covered by "user-facing changes" already.
```suggestion
```

>   system contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - Describe the interaction with other components and features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Describe the interaction with existing components and features.
```
